URL: https://recreation.northeastern.edu/community-privileges/

[HEADINGS]
MEMBERSHIP
Community Privileges
Equipment Check-Out
Safety and Security

[PARAGRAPHS]
A maximum of 50 residents of the City of Boston have access to the Marino Recreation Center Monday-Friday between 5:30am – 9:00am, Saturday 8:00am-12:00noon, and Sunday 8:00am-12:00 noon (in the summer 12:00 noon – 4:00pm on Sundays). All community residents must leave the facility by the posted time. Community residents will have access to the facility on holidays/weekends and during the summer academic semesters, when the building opens. Residents must meet the following criteria in order to use the facility:

Valid photo identification must be provided to the University Recreation Office, 140 Marino Center, prior to each visit. You will be required to leave your photo identification card in the University Recreation Office while you are in the building.

The Marino Center is a recreation facility, and as such, access to the facility is limited to individuals who are working out on the activity floors using strength equipment, cardiovascular equipment, the jogging track , and, on a limited basis, to the main gymnasium/basketball courts. You will not have access to the main gymnasium/basketball courts on weekends and holidays. Access will be denied to individuals who only want to use the amenities in the locker rooms.

You will not be allowed to participate in any Northeastern sponsored recreation programs: Intramural Leagues, Club Sports, Personal Training, Group Fitness Classes and Instructional  Classes.

Locks, towels and equipment may be checked out with your ID. You are responsible for all equipment that you check-out and must reimburse Northeastern University for any lost or damaged equipment, before your ID is returned.

The safety of all participants who use the Marino Recreation Center is our highest priority. Bicycles, in-line skates and skateboards are not allowed inside the building. Proper work-out attire must be worn in all public areas, with the exception of the locker rooms.

The use of the facilities in the Marino Recreation Center is strictly voluntary. Participants are responsible for their own health and safety and are cautioned to participate according to the limits determined by their physician and their knowledge of their own health status.

Please help us maintain a safe and secure environment by showing photo ID upon arrival, by locking your possessions in a locker, by keeping your locker key with you at all times. Gym bags, briefcases, back packs, jackets, food and  beverages are not allowed above the ground floor. We cannot be held responsible for lost items.

Failure to comply with these policies, as well as the policies of the University Recreation Office will result in termination of privileges.