URL: https://recreation.northeastern.edu/boston-conservatory-at-berklee-berklee-college-of-music/

[HEADINGS]
MEMBERSHIP
Boston Conservatory at Berklee & Berklee College of Music (BCOM)
Registration may take up to two ( 2 ) business days for processing.
2024 – 2025 fees
Guest Policy
ID Cards and Security
Equipment Check-Out
Safety

[PARAGRAPHS]
Please be advised that you must use your Berklee issued email address, ending with berklee.edu to sign-up. Non berklee.edu registrations will be discarded.

Steps to obtain a gym membership;

If you have any questions, please email us atrecreation@northeastern.edu

Pay per visit option is not available to access the University Recreation facilities

$480.00September 1, 2024 – August 31, 2025$360.00September 1, 2024 – May 31, 2025$200.00September 1, 2024 – December 31, 2024$220.00January 1, 2025 – May 31, 2025$140.00June 1, 2025 – August 31, 2025

click here to fill out the application form

You are allowed to invite a guest, but must accompany the guest while in the facility. Only one guest per day is allowed, your guest must be over the age of 18. The guest fee is $12.00 per visit during peak hours and $10.00 per visit during off-peak hours. Off-peak hours are: Monday through Friday from 9:00am – 11:30am, 1:30pm – 3:00pm and 10:00pm – 1:00am; Saturday and Sunday from 5:00am – 10:00am and 10:00pm – 1:00am. You must register your guest at least one day in advance (click here to register your guest now!). All guests must have a valid photo driver’s license or government issued photo identification with address and proof of age.

Please help us maintain a safe and secure environment. Your NU Husky ID Card must be a current, valid, and active card that needs to be swiped upon arrival. Please lock your possessions in a locker, keep your locker key with you at all times and notify the staff if you see something out of the ordinary. We cannot be held responsible for lost items.

Any individual that allows another person to use their NU Husky ID Card, as well as the individual that uses another person’s NU Husky ID Card, to gain access to the Marino Recreation Center, the Cabot Physical Education Center , and the SquashBusters Center, will be referred to the Office of Student Conduct and Conflict Resolution (OSCCR) and/or Public Safety. Access to all facilities will be immediately suspended to all individuals involved, until the following day, pending further action by Public Safety or OSCCR.

Locks, towels and equipment must be checked out with your NU Husky ID Card. You are responsible for all equipment that you check-out and must reimburse Northeastern University for any lost or damaged equipment before your ID is returned. There is no overnight use of equipment or lockers. All locks and equipment must be returned by closing. Items left in lockers overnight will be removed and stored for one week. Do not use personal locks, they will be removed.

The safety of all participants who use the recreation facilities is our highest priority. No food, beverages, gym bags, shopping bags, luggage, brief cases, backpacks, street shoes, boots, open-toe shoes, sandals, jeans, cargo pants or jackets are allowed above the ground floor at the Marino Center and in activity areas in the other recreation buildings. Bicycles and skateboards are not allowed inside the buildings. Roller blades may be carried into the Marino Center and used during designated hours in designated areas only. Proper work-out attire must be worn in all public areas, with the exception of the locker rooms.

Participation in programs sponsored by the University Recreation Office and the use of the recreational facilities is strictly voluntary. Participants are responsible for their own health and safety and are cautioned to participate according to the limits determined by their physician and their knowledge of their own health status.

Failure to adhere to these guidelines will result in loss of facility privileges. Northeastern University reserves the right to put into effect any new guidelines that protect the health, safety and integrity of the participants using the facility. The University Recreation Office adheres to the guidelines, policy’s and procedures as outlined in the Undergraduate and Graduate Student Handbook and The Northeastern Administrative Manual.