URL: https://recreation.northeastern.edu/our-personal-trainers/

[HEADINGS]
PERSONAL TRAINING
Our Personal Trainers
Cole
Michael
Sofia
Olivia
Umme Hani
Megan
Mahek
Nate
Matt
Ben
Skyler
Julia
Ruby
Selma
Charlie

[PARAGRAPHS]
Hi, I am business major with over 6 years of fitness experience. I specialize in strength and muscle growth but enjoy training individuals across a wide variety of fitness goals. My favorite aspect of being a trainer is helping people build confidence in the gym and reach their fitness potential. Outside of training, my hobbies include trying new restaurants, reading, and wake surfing.

Hi, I’m Michael and I am a Biology major with a minor in Behavioral Neuroscience.  I hold the ACSM Certified Personal Trainer certification. I have been training at Marino for over 2 years! Outside of training, I love hiking and cooking, and my favorite part about training at Marino is helping people who are new to the gym to learn to enjoy exercising!

My name is Sofia, and I am a Health Science major with a Human Movement Science minor. I am an ACSM Certified Personal Trainer and the University Recreation Head Personal Trainer! My favorite part about training at Marino is seeing the growth and progress of all my clients! When I am not training, I love to go hiking and try new coffee shops around Boston!

My name is Olivia, I am majoring in chemical engineering and biochemistry and I am a NASM Certified Personal Trainer! Outside of lifting and running, I enjoy trying new foods, exploring shops around Boston, traveling, and watching shows with my roommates! My favorite part about being a personal trainer is helping my clients reach their goals and build confidence. I enjoy making strong relationships with my clients and believe you can achieve anything you put your mind to!

Hi, I’m Umme Hani and a Chemical Engineering and Physics major! I am an ACE Certified Personal Trainer. I love being active, I specifically enjoy running, hiking, and kayaking. Outside of training, I love to draw and hang out with my friends. I’m excited to meet new people and make an impact!

Hi, I’m Megan! I am a third year Cell & Molecular Biology Major and Ethics Minor. I am also an ACSM Certified Personal Trainer, and this is my first-year training at Marino. Outside of training, I like lifting (no shock), trying new restaurants, and spending time outside. My favorite part about training at Marino is being able to work with members of the Northeastern community!

My name is Mahek, I am an industrial engineering major and an ACSM Certified Personal Trainer! My favorite part of training at Marino is the community at the gym. Outside of training, I enjoy traveling to other cities and countries and crocheting.

Hi, I’m Nate! I am a graduate student working on my master’s in public policy. I am certified as a Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (C.S.C.S.) through the National Strength and Conditioning Association and this is my first-year training at the Marino Center. I practice Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu outside of working out in a fitness facility. My favorite part about training at the Marino Center is getting to work with great clients who come in ready to work!

Hi, I’m Matt! I’m a Bioengineering: Medical Devices major and an ACSM Certified Personal Trainer. Prior to joining Marino I had a blast training my teams in ROTC and Northeastern’s OCR (Spartan) race club. When I am not training, I love to write, adventure, and meet new people! My favorite part about training at Marino is getting to be a part of helping people realize their potential!

My name is Ben, I’m a Computer Science student and a NASM Certified Personal Trainer! Outside of training, I like running, eating, and playing Wii tennis. My favorite part about being a personal trainer is helping people feel more comfortable in the gym and watching them hit their goals!

My name is Skyler, and I am majoring in Behavioral Neuroscience and minoring in Writing. Outside of classes, I enjoy writing short stories and I’m currently writing a fiction novel. I love to stay active and have been training at Marino ever since I’ve gotten to NU. I am a NASM Certified Personal Trainer and enjoy helping the NU community achieve their personal fitness goals!

Hi! I’m Julia, and I am a third-year Health Science pre-Physical Therapy student. I am an ASCM Certified Personal Trainer! My favorite ways to stay active are through volleyball, yoga, hiking, and lifting. In my free time I love going to concerts!

My name is Ruby, and I’m an International Business Major with Brand Management and Entrepreneurship concentrations. I am an ACSM Certified Personal trainer and also a Building Supervisor at Marino. My favorite part of being a trainer is seeing people build their confidence in the gym and meet their goals. Outside of training, I love to dance bachata and salsa, and go for long walks!

My name is Selma and I am a Health Science major with a minor in Cell & Molecular Biology. I am an ACE Certified Personal Trainer! I love running and weight training. Outside of the gym, I enjoy watching sports, reading, and listening to music.

Hi! My name is Charlie and a ACSM Certified Personal Trainer. I’m a third year student studying Business Administration and Economics with a concentration in Finance. Outside of training, I love watching sports and traveling! My favorite part about being a personal trainer is helping clients hit their goals and enjoy fitness!